<h1>Jumbo Mixer</h1>

<p>Jumbo Mixer is a privacy-focused crypto mixing project that allows users to obfuscate the source of their funds and enhance the privacy of their transactions on the blockchain. It provides a secure and decentralized platform for users to mix their cryptocurrencies, making it difficult to trace the origin and destination of funds. The project is prepared by Abdulhakim 
Altunkaya for BNB-RiseIn September 2023 Hackathon</p>

<h2>How It Works</h2>

<p>Jumbo Mixer utilizes a mixing process that combines the funds of multiple users, making it challenging to associate specific funds with their original sources. The basic steps involved in the mixing process are as follows:</p>

<ol>
  <li><strong>Depositing Funds:</strong> Users can deposit their cryptocurrencies into the Jumbo Mixer contract. The contract securely receives and holds the deposited funds. All funds deposited by users are collected in the single pool of the contract.
  Deposited funds are not associated with user addresses but they are associated with user hashes. The hashes are created using keccak256 function.</li>
  <li><strong>Withdrawal:</strong> Users can initiate a withdrawal by providing proof of ownership for the mixed funds without revealing their original deposits. This proof is generated by providing the string used for creating hash. This can be viewed as a zero-knowledge proof (ZKPs), which validate the ownership without disclosing sensitive information.</li>
</ol>

<h2>Features</h2>

<ul>
  <li>Privacy-enhancing mixing process.</li>
  <li>Support for various cryptocurrencies (e.g., all ERC-20 tokens).</li>
  <li>Secure and audited smart contract implementation.</li>
  <li>User-friendly interface for depositing and withdrawing funds.</li>
</ul>

<p>Background image: <a href="https://www.pexels.com/photo/gray-and-white-wallpaper-1103970/">Pexels, by Johannes Plenio</a></p>
<p>Symbol: <a href="https://www.shareicon.net/mix-cooking-mixer-kitchen-cook-tools-and-utensils-753758">ShareIcon</a></p>

